Almost everything is going to happen for you automatically - you don't have to spend any time working or worrying. If it's not what you want - stop and change it. Don't just keep going and expect it will get better. Let that brush dance around there and play.

You can create anything that makes you happy. All you need to paint is a few tools, a little instruction, and a vision in your mind. Let's have a nice tree right here. Only eight colors that you need. It takes dark in order to show light.

Let's go up in here, and start having some fun Paint anything you want on the canvas. Create your own world. Work that paint. Give him a friend, we forget the trees get lonely too. Automatically, all of these beautiful, beautiful things will happen.

We have a fantastic little sky! If you overwork it you become a cloud killer. There's nothing worse than a cloud killer. The secret to doing anything is believing that you can do it. Anything that you believe you can do strong enough, you can do. Anything. As long as you believe.

Even the worst thing we can do here is good. It's so important to do something every day that will make you happy. Here we're limited by the time we have. If I paint something, I don't want to have to explain what it is. Let's put some highlights on these little trees. The sun wouldn't forget them.

Follow the lay of the land. It's most important. See there how easy that is. I'll go over the colors one more time that we use: Titanium white, Thalo green, Prussian blue, Van Dyke brown, Alizarin crimson, Sap green, Cad yellow, and Permanent red. Don't kill all your dark areas - you need them to show the light. We tell people sometimes: we're like drug dealers, come into town and get everybody absolutely addicted to painting. It doesn't take much to get you addicted. This is a happy place, little squirrels live here and play.

We'll put all the little clouds in and let them dance around and have fun. This is your world. A fan brush is a fantastic piece of equipment. Use it. Make friends with it.

We'll throw some happy little limbs on this tree. See. We take the corner of the brush and let it play back-and-forth. Nice little fluffy clouds laying around in the sky being lazy. I'm going to mix up a little color. We’ll use Van Dyke Brown, Permanent Red, and a little bit of Prussian Blue. You gotta think like a tree.

We don't have to be committed. We are just playing here. There are no mistakes. You can fix anything that happens. These trees are so much fun. I get started on them and I have a hard time stopping. Nice little clouds playing around in the sky. How do you make a round circle with a square knife? That's your challenge for the day.

And right there you got an almighty cloud. Only think about one thing at a time. Don't get greedy. Just let go - and fall like a little waterfall. I sincerely wish for you every possible joy life could bring. Maybe, just to play a little, we'll put a little tree here.

We'll have a super time. Maybe there was an old trapper that lived out here and maybe one day he went to check his beaver traps, and maybe he fell into the river and drowned. We don't make mistakes we just have happy little accidents. A beautiful little sunset. Every day I learn. Just beat the devil out of it.

Let's do that again. You have to make these big decisions. Let all these little things happen. Don't fight them. Learn to use them.

The more we do this - the more it will do good things to our heart. Anytime you learn something your time and energy are not wasted. I really believe that if you practice enough you could paint the 'Mona Lisa' with a two-inch brush.

Let's give him a friend too. Everybody needs a friend. Everybody needs a friend. Put light against light - you have nothing. Put dark against dark - you have nothing. It's the contrast of light and dark that each give the other one meaning.

We artists are a different breed of people. We're a happy bunch. Those great big fluffy clouds. I spend a lot of time walking around in the woods and talking to trees, and squirrels, and little rabbits and stuff. Working it up and down, back and forth.

If you hypnotize it, it will go away. Anything you want to do you can do here. If you do too much it's going to lose its effectiveness. These things happen automatically. All you have to do is just let them happen. It's life. It's interesting. It's fun. A tree cannot be straight if it has a crooked trunk.

Volunteering your time; it pays you and your whole community fantastic dividends. Absolutely no pressure. You are just a whisper floating across a mountain. By now you should be quite happy about what's happening here.

Everyone is going to see things differently - and that's the way it should be. It's hard to see things when you're too close. Take a step back and look. That's what makes life fun. That you can make these decisions. That you can create the world that you want. Isn't that fantastic?

You can get away with a lot. I'm gonna start with a little Alizarin crimson and a touch of Prussian blue I like to beat the brush.

You don't want to kill all your dark areas they are very important. This is an example of what you can do with just a few things, a little imagination and a happy dream in your heart. Look around, look at what we have. Beauty is everywhere, you only have to look to see it. You could sit here for weeks with your one hair brush trying to do that - or you could do it with one stroke with an almighty brush. Maybe we got a few little happy bushes here, just covered with snow.

Let your imagination just wonder around when you're doing these things. Let's have a little bit of fun today. Imagination is the key to painting.

There are no limits in this world. Use what happens naturally, don't fight it. Exercising the imagination, experimenting with talents, being creative; these things, to me, are truly the windows to your soul. We'll put a happy little bush here. Work on one thing at a time. Don't get carried away - we have plenty of time.

Don't hurry. Take your time and enjoy. I want everbody to be happy. That's what it's all about. You want your tree to have some character. Make it special. And just raise cain.

Remember how free clouds are. They just lay around in the sky all day long. We might as well make some Almighty mountains today as well, what the heck. You can't have light without dark. You can't know happiness unless you've known sorrow. We'll paint one happy little tree right here. We don't have to be concerned about it. We just have to let it fall where it will.

Painting should do one thing. It should put happiness in your heart. Do an almighty painting with us. Let your heart take you to wherever you want to be. A happy cloud.

We don't want to set these clouds on fire. Just make little strokes like that. It's a super day, so why not make a beautiful sky?

All you need is a dream in your heart, and an almighty knife. Poor old tree. We need dark in order to show light. This is unplanned it really just happens. Now, we're going to fluff this cloud.

We want to use a lot pressure while using no pressure at all. There's nothing wrong with having a tree as a friend. Maybe there's a happy little Evergreen that lives here.

You can work and carry-on and put lots of little happy things in here. Just let your mind wander and enjoy. This should make you happy. You are only limited by your imagination.

See there, told you that would be easy. Be careful. You can always add more - but you can't take it away. Just let this happen. We just let this flow right out of our minds. Get tough with it, get strong. That's a son of a gun of a cloud.

Learn when to stop. We touch the canvas, the canvas takes what it wants. Look at them little rascals.

Every highlight needs it's own personal shadow. You can't make a mistake. Anything that happens you can learn to use - and make something beautiful out of it. We'll put a happy little sky in here.

We'll lay all these little funky little things in there. Let's make a happy little mountain now. How to paint. That's easy. What to paint. That's much harder. This is your world, whatever makes you happy you can put in it. Go crazy. Let's build an almighty mountain.

That's the way I look when I get home late; black and blue. We have all at one time or another mixed some mud. I really recommend you use odorless thinner or your spouse is gonna run you right out into the yard and you'll be working by yourself.

If you've been in Alaska less than a year you're a Cheechako. There we are. And maybe a little bush lives there. Now we don't want him to get lonely, so we'll give him a little friend. Just let these leaves jump off the brush

From https://www.bobrosslipsum.com/