I think there's an artist hidden in the bottom of every single one of us. Anything you want to do you can do here. Just pretend you are a whisper floating across a mountain. Let's do it again then, what the heck. This is the way you take out your flustrations. But we're not there yet, so we don't need to worry about it. You want your tree to have some character. Make it special. You can create the world you want to see and be a part of. You have that power.

Now then, let's play. Trees cover up a multitude of sins. We don't need any guidelines or formats. All we need to do is just let it flow right out of us. Now we'll take the almighty fan brush. Look at them little rascals. By now you should be quite happy about what's happening here. I'm a water fanatic. I love water. You could sit here for weeks with your one hair brush trying to do that - or you could do it with one stroke with an almighty brush.

We don't have to be concerned about it. We just have to let it fall where it will. Very easy to work these to death. There it is. When things happen - enjoy them. They're little gifts. In your world you have total and absolute power. There we are. Work on one thing at a time. Don't get carried away - we have plenty of time.

This is probably the greatest thing to happen in my life - to be able to share this with you. Maybe there was an old trapper that lived out here and maybe one day he went to check his beaver traps, and maybe he fell into the river and drowned. Didn't you know you had that much power? You can move mountains. You can do anything. The first step to doing anything is to believe you can do it. See it finished in your mind before you ever start. It's a super day, so why not make a beautiful sky? A tree needs to be your friend if you're going to paint him. Every highlight needs it's own personal shadow. The secret to doing anything is believing that you can do it. Anything that you believe you can do strong enough, you can do. Anything. As long as you believe. We spend so much of our life looking - but never seeing.

You can do anything here. So don't worry about it. We'll put all the little clouds in and let them dance around and have fun. If you've been in Alaska less than a year you're a Cheechako. Let's have a nice tree right here. Go out on a limb - that's where the fruit is.

Nice little clouds playing around in the sky. There are no limits in this world. We start with a vision in our heart, and we put it on canvas. La- da- da- da- dah. Just be happy. Let's get crazy. You don't have to be crazy to do this but it does help. When you do it your way you can go anywhere you choose. Every single thing in the world has its own personality - and it is up to you to make friends with the little rascals.

It's so important to do something every day that will make you happy. Just a happy little shadow that lives in there. That is when you can experience true joy, when you have no fear. This is a happy place, little squirrels live here and play. Pretend you're water. Just floating without any effort. Having a good day.

From https://www.bobrosslipsum.com/